Welcome back.
Let's now move our discussion into non-access modify it.
The first one which you discuss is the final modified.
So let's start with using Final modifier on a class.
If you look at this specific class I've put a keyword qualifying on the specific class for any part
of key word final on a class then it means that extending that class is not allowed.
So I cannot create a subclass for this specific class.
So if I'm trying to create an extending final class extending final class I would get a compiler error.
Why should I create a final class.
Why should I need to put you in creating subclasses for my class.
If you look at the Java API the String class is final.
Also we can take a look at any of the proper classes.
Let's just take integer and see integer class.
That also is fine.
The reason is because this integer class the String class at all immutable.
And you don't want a subclass to break this constraint of immutability.
Also the String class is used in things like hash called calculations and things like that.
And if I love this to be extended and somebody modifies the implementations of hash code or something
of that kind.
It might result in security related issues.
So that's the reason why it's Jawa Mock's Disick string class as a final class an integer class as final
as well.
So if there are specific constraints on a class and if you are varry that they would be broken by subclasses
then you would mark them as final defining modifier can also be used on that.
The difference indicates of a method.
Is that the final method cannot be overridden.
That basically means the final method is the final definition for that particular method.
You cannot override that method in a subclass.
So if you are building some logic which you want all the subclasses to adhere to you don't want any
of the subclasses to break that specific logic.
You doing the things in that particular method.
You want that to be followed in all subclasses.
Then what you'd need to do is to model that particular method as finden once a marker method is final
then the subclasses cannot override it.
So they have to depend on the logic inside the superclass.
Well dimethyl is my desk find it so that they use a final modifier on a method.
Can we might be able to find the last one.
Yes you can mark variable's as final ones you mark a variable as final.
Then you cannot change the value of it.
Typically we mark where they set and we mark all the constant variables as final.
For example if you look at the math Jawa long math.
There's a final way the call by the value of pi is not going to change so that's constants.
There we would mark it as fine that finally can also be used on humans.
So when I finally learn an argument then the value of that particular argument cannot be modified.
So you can look at the example below where if you remove this line of code in here then this would result
in a compilation error because that's a final argument you will discuss about different things that
you can Margus finally starting from class method variables and arguments.